docs: adding site docs for 09-localhost client (#3147)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/ibc/light-clients/localhost/overview.md

| Client creation                              | Relayer (permissionless) | `ClientState` is instantiated in the `InitGenesis` handler of the 02-client submodule in core IBC |
| Client updates                               | Relayer submits headers using `MsgUpdateClient` | Latest height is updated periodically through the ABCI [`BeginBlock`](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.47/building-modules/beginblock-endblock) interface of the 02-client submodule in core IBC |
| Number of connections                        | Many connections, 1 (or more) per client | A single sentinel connection with the connection identifier `connection-localhost` |
| Connection creation                          | Connection handshake, provided underlying client | Sentinel `ConnectionEnd` is created and set in store in the `InitGenesis` handler of the 03-connection submodule in core IBC |
| Counterparty                                 | Underlying client, representing another chain | Client with identifier `09-localhost` in same chain |

> | `VerifyMembership` and `VerifyNonMembership` | Performs proof verification using consensus state roots | Performs state verification using key-value lookups in the core IBC store |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `VerifyMembership` and `VerifyNonMembership` | Performs proof verification using consensus state roots | Performs state verification using key-value lookups in the core IBC store |
| Integration | Expected to register codec types using the `AppModuleBasic` interface | Registers codec types within the core IBC module |
```

To supplement this, a [sentinel `ConnectionEnd` is stored in core IBC](./connection.md) state with the connection identifier `connection-localhost`. This enables IBC applications to create channels directly on top of the sentinel connection which leverage the 09-localhost loopback functionality.

[State verification](./state-verification.md) for channel state in handshakes or processing packets is reduced in complexity, the `09-localhost` client can simply compare bytes stored under the standardized key paths.

### Localhost vs *regular* client

The localhost client aims to provide a unified approach to interacting with applications on a single chain, as the IBC application layer provides for cross-chain interactions. To achieve this unified interface though, there are a number of differences under the hood compared to a 'regular' IBC client (excluding `06-solomachine` and `09-localhost` itself).

The table below lists some important differences:

|  | Regular client | Localhost |
| - | -------------- | --------- |
| Number of clients | many instances of a client *type* corresponding to different counterparties | 1 single sentinel client with the client identifier `09-localhost`|

> | Client support | governance gated access to `allowed_clients` | added to `allowed_clients` by default |

Author: I feel like maybe we should remove this client support row. 

The allowed clients param is always gated by governance, but can be modified however chain developers want in an upgrade handler. Agree with @colin-axner, there isn't any special consideration.

> | Client support | governance gated access to `allowed_clients` | added to `allowed_clients` by default |

Reviewer: Wasn't entirely sure about this, happy to delete the row

> | Client support | governance gated access to `allowed_clients` | added to `allowed_clients` by default |

Author: Removed

| Client creation | Relayer (permissionless) | the 09-localhost `ClientState` is instantiated in the `InitGenesis` handler of the 02-client submodule in core IBC |

> | Number of connection(s) | many connections, 1 (or more) per client | single sentinel `ConnectionEnd` representing a connection |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Number of connection(s) | many connections, 1 (or more) per client | 1 single sentinel connection with the connection identifier `connection-localhost` |
```

| Connection creation | connection handshake, provided underlying client | the `ConnectionEnd` is created and set in store via the `InitGenesis` handler of the 03-connection submodule in core IBC |
| Counterparty | underlying client, representing another chain | `09-localhost` |

> | Channel creation | channel handshake, provided underlying connection | channel handshake, **out of the box** |

Reviewer 2: What does this mean? It seems a bit "hype" to me. "out of the box" isn't very impressive in this situation since it's just talking about a connection existing. It takes less than 30 seconds to initiate a connection using "regular clients". I think I'd prefer to minimize the amount of information that has to be read and assume the reader is able to deduce that channels can be immediately created using the sentinel localhost connection

Author: I've removed the "Channel Creation" row as channels are more or less treated the same

Reviewer: Didn't intend to be claiming it was an 'impressive' feat by any means :) My thinking here was "what does all of this mean if I'm a dev who wants to start testing with localhost when used to a setup having 2 chains"? And then the only thing changing really from that POV is that I can immediately create my channel vs first having to create client and connection... so more pragmatic than hype 

Sure the reader could deduct it, but that holds for everything in the table. I personally just like when I can quickly gather all info from an overview table when I need a quick reminder

Reviewer 2: That makes sense. Apologies if my comment seemed strong, that wasn't the intention. I'm just looking to make sure the language remains neutral. 

I have no preference if we keep this section but maybe we could use the wording "channel handshake on top of existing connection end `connection-localhost`" or something like that

Reviewer: no worries, I learned now you don't like hype trains lol 🚂

> | Client updates | not automatically: relayer submitting `MsgUpdateClient` |automatically: latest height is updated periodically through the ABCI [`BeginBlock`](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.47/building-modules/beginblock-endblock) interface of the 02-client submodule in core IBC |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Client updates | not automatic: relayer submitting `MsgUpdateClient` |automatic: latest height is updated periodically through the ABCI [`BeginBlock`](https://docs.cosmos.network/v0.47/building-modules/beginblock-endblock) interface of the 02-client submodule in core IBC |
```

> | `VerifyMembership` and `VerifyNonMembership` | TODO | TODO |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `VerifyMembership` and `VerifyNonMembership` | relayers provide (non-)existence proof by querying counterparty chain | relayers provide (non-)existence `SentinelProof` by querying the store |
```
something like this?
